To complete Tickets for this project, work together with me to follow 
these steps:

1. Open the relevant `0x-0x-description.md` file.

2. Carefully read the Description at the top of the file to understand 
the goal for the task.

3. Complete each component Task that follows the description in 
order. If the task is ambiguous, you may wish to create a plan and submit 
it to me for approval or workshopping first.

4. Ensure that each of the Acceptance Criteria is fulfilled. If it is 
difficult to tell whether a criterion has been met successfully, check 
with me.

5. Append a newline with a cat emoji followed by a zzz "snoozing" emoji 
to the end of the file.

Strategy Notes:

* Consider me your partner in completing each Task. Solve issues 
independently when you can do so confidently, but please avail yourself 
of my input as often as you like - I have a very clear product vision in 
terms of final UX, and a solid understanding of the technical side, with 
a background as an IC backend software developer for nearly a decade.

* I am taking full advantage of your superpowers: your strong coding 
and organizational ability, tirelessness, and general cross-domain 
capability. Take advantage of my superpowers too: often-complimented 
taste, clearly defined product vision, and strong ability to understand 
the user-side of experiences at both a high level and a very granular 
level - I used to work quite successfully on designing puzzles in escape 
rooms. The boundary will be extremely permeable, but I'm closest to a 
project manager here, where you are closest to a lead programmer. I am 
counting on you to ask me lots of questions and rely on my feedback to 
bring my vision to life. Don't let that stop you from making creative 
suggestions when they spark for you, though, I love to hear ideas :)

* This document includes a list of Known Weaknesses below, these are areas 
of development where either you or I have struggled in the past. When 
these elements are in play, bias towards working more closely with me so 
we can check each others' logic and validate each others' 
implementations.

Known Weaknesses:

* It is difficult for you to "see" visuals in our game's style - the 
low-res retro imagery seems to be difficult for you to parse. Rely on me 
to check whether everything looks the way it should.

* In prototyping, the clarity of the combat UI was the biggest pain point 
for testers. Our low-res style demands special attention to readability, 
which we should consider when designing display elements. Refer back to 
the canon of games for the Game Boy and Game Boy Advance, such as 
Pokemon, Fire Emblem, and Golden Sun for inspiration on how to work around low-resolution in our layouts. 
